# Changelog #

viii. "Resugaring Scope Rules". done.

4. "subset" -> "part". done.

6. "is sweetest". done :-).

[ ] 11. QUESTION: marks around concrete and abstract surface syntax: I
bet this is some basic edit, but I don't follow the symbols.

[ ] 11. TODO: "or a specialized dsl, or the impl language of the
compiler." I'm putting this in the extended prose on Metalanguages,
because I want to keep this initial list very brief.

12. "In the prec chapter, you said [that desugaring must happen] at
compile time". done: I added the margin par "As previously noted, if
the ``phase'' at which desugaring happens is evaluation time, then the
system isn't really a desugaring system, though it may be similar
enough to warrent our classification of it."

[ ] 12. QUESTION: I wrote "Can a sugar take an arbitrary expr as a
param, or only a prim type?" You said "not a clean dichotomy". Why
not? C++ templates, for example, can take primitive vals like 3 as
arguments, but not compound exprs like 1+2, and this is an important
distinction. Is there a better way to state this briefly? (I also
changed "prim type" to "prim value".)

13. Fixed the grammar. I'm mildly concerned that you thought it
necessary to label "bake the user at 350F until crispy" as a joke.
^--- humerous remark.

[ ] 15. QUESTION: "Racket macros can run at an arbitrary number of
different phases." "No". Racket allows you to import things at "phase
level" 0 (for use at runtime), at phase level 1 (for use at
compile-time), and also at phase level 2 or above and at phase level
-1 or below. How should I interpret "phase level 2", if not as a phase
that occurs before compile-time?
https://docs.racket-lang.org/guide/stx-phases.html

17. "Put hygiene here". done.

18. "ambiguous referent". done (albeit by changing the example).

[ ] 16. QUESTION: Hygiene section. "Move this to end." Why? As is,
I've lined the safety properties up in order of "difficulty". Each
safety property implies the previous ones. (Or at least, you can't
talk about a safety property unless the previous ones are satisfied.)

16. "taxonomic". My office mate told me taxometric was a word. I think
he lied to me. done.

20. (Common) Lisp, Scheme, Racket writeups missing. done. Although I
don't currently discuss Lisps outside of Scheme.

21. You wanted these right aligned, I take it? If so, done.

22. \gamma overloaded. Thanks. I've changed all uses of \gamma as a
pattern variable into \delta, and \delta into \epsilon. Technically,
\epsilon is used as an empty list in chapter 6, but only in one place,
and \epsilon it only appears as a pattern variable in chapter 5. So I
think this conflict is preferrable to using some more obscure greek
letter than people don't recognize. done.

